Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, this is a recap video. So, we're
just going to go over some things that
are on my heart and I'll say a
little prayer at the end, but it's not a
big long prayer video. I want to go over
the revival and what the Lord showed
me about that and Gavin, which I
think the thing about Gavin yesterday in
prayer... We record these videos sometimes
a day or two days before, and none of
the riots were taking place in LA
whenever the Lord showed me this. I saw
Gavin's face and the Lord said, "I'm
about to deal with Gavin Newsom, for there
are
dark things that are going to be
uncovered in the days ahead and his days
as being governor of California are
numbered."And
I thought, "Well, Lord,
that's a very strong word."And I almost
didn't speak it out. If you remember
going back and listening to that
video, I said, "Should I say that out
loud?"And
he said, "Not only him, but
others in high positions of authority
across America. They're going to be
removed."In
other words, I don't want
to say taken out or whatever because
that sounds like something really bad,
but I'm just saying the Lord said, "I'm
going to deal with them."So, I thought,
"Wow, that's really strong."And then
within a 48-hour period, we've had a
major uprising of Antifa and bad
stuff going on in Los Angeles rioting,
and they had to send the National Guard in
and it's a pretty serious situation. It
sounds like
if we go back to the other words that
the Lord gave me about California and I
saw more fires, I saw a shaking coming
to California. When I saw the fires when
the fires were breaking out on the
cliffs of California, the Lord told
me there would be revivals taking place
in celebrities'houses, and there would
be like a major revival that would take
place in a celebrity's house. I saw a lot
of celebrities coming to the kingdom of
God in the days ahead and that would be
a great shaking in California. The
Lord said that this was just the
beginning with the fires, that this
was part of the acceleration of seed
time and harvest that was taking place
and because of the
acceleration of seed time and harvest,
because of bad decisions, because of bad
voting, bad government, he said because
of the way they voted with
the reprobate mind. They voted against
going the way he wanted to
go with changing America and making
America great because there was so much
of an overwhelming vote to go
Democratic. He said these places of
Democratic refuge, the way they
are, because they vote corruption, he
said this is a seed time and harvest of
acceleration.
We saw the fires, we saw all these
things taking place, and he said this
would be more in the days ahead.
Remember, I'm trying to rehash some of
that word, but it was a very strong word
that the Lord gave. I felt like the
Lord has really put on my heart to pray
for Elon Musk and for Mel Gibson. And
that's why I thought it was really
interesting. The Lord brought Mel
Gibson's face before me about a major
movie that he is
getting—and
the devil is really trying to
come at Mel Gibson really hard about
this movie and the Lord said he wants to
use this movie
because of how anointed this new Mel
Gibson movie will potentially be. The
Lord said, "You must pray for him
because he's coming against demonic
attack."I
don't know what that means. I don't
know if it's funding. I don't know if
it's actors or whatever. But the Lord
showed me that he was going to use Mel
Gibson another time for another
major motion picture to do something
huge for him. And when this takes place,
I saw revival. I saw the glory coming in
theaters across America when this takes
place. Whatever this is going to be,
it's going to be something supernatural.
And the Lord said, "Intercede for Mel
Gibson."So
that was part of the other
vision that I saw yesterday.
Then I saw revival breaking out in
schools. I saw not just on college
campuses, but I saw major revival taking
place in high schools and grade
schools and all around the world.
I'm talking major moves of the spirit of
the Lord. And this is what I thought
was interesting: it was like a
heavy—it
was a weight of the presence of the
Lord. And I saw it, and this is what I
thought was also really interesting: I
saw it happening in casinos in Las
Vegas—major
prayer groups and stuff was
taking place in Las Vegas. And people were
pulling the slot
machines and gambling and doing things,
and the glory from the service in these
casinos was happening. It
was so strong. The presence of the Lord
was so strong that people would fall out
in the casinos with the glory of God.
And they were crawling, trying to get out
of the casino, because the presence of
the Lord was so strong on them that
they were like they were drunk in
the Holy Ghost. Now, I'm telling you
folks, when I was looking over at this,
I was like, "Lord,"I even said this,
"Lord, I believe. Help my
unbelief,"because
it was so over the top what the
Lord was showing me that I was just
like, "Lord, I mean, seriously, this is...
wow,"you
know? So, I saw people
crawling out of casinos trying to get
because
they didn't know what was going
on with them, but they felt the glory of
God. It was the glory, the tangible
presence of the Lord in these casinos.
And people were getting born again.
People were getting set free. And
I thought that was amazing.
Then I saw rough parts of
neighborhoods like the ghettos of
neighborhoods, really rough areas. And I
saw the Bloods and the Crips and these
bikers all coming in to these Holy
Ghost meetings like Azusa Streets
in Chicago and in LA and major cities
where people have major gang
strongholds,
these gang members that would usually
want to hurt each other in a normal
setting, they were coming in and they
were repenting in the glory.
And you saw—I saw people dressed in
solid blue on one side of the room
and people dressed in solid red, but
they were all weeping at the altar,
repenting and loving each other.
Bikers, like big burly bikers with beards
and vests, Harley-Davidsons,
Hell's Angels coming in and getting born
again. Major revivals coming in in
these areas, in these
suburban
areas. And I was thinking, "Lord,
this is over the top,"but people getting
healed and delivered and set free on
college campuses. And the Lord said,
"Brandon, I'm not just going to visit the
churches in this last revival. I'm
going to visit the unlikely places,
the most unlikely places."I saw
auditoriums, vast
auditoriums
full of people
like Asbury.
And it was like—I'm just telling you
all, folks, the Lord said to me, "It's
time to believe me for bigger,
for the greatest harvest of
souls."And
this is what he said: "This will be a
grace explosion,
one last major push."And he said before
in Azusa Street, it was one location,
one location. You saw it in
LA—I
believe that's where it was—you had one
location. But he said, "I'm going to
have many Azusa streets and they're going
to be everywhere."But he said,
"Brandon, it'll be something unlike
you've ever seen before.
Not anywhere in the world has ever seen
this."I
was in awe
at the people at the front of
these buildings and these places,
repenting and weeping before God
as the Shekinah glory came down and a
heaviness, even outside. And I saw it
going into the neighborhoods,
and it wasn't
just in the church, but it was like
a glory cloud would go out into the
neighborhoods and people were getting
healed and delivered. Not just in the
building, but outside in the parking
lots, clear out into the
neighborhood.
He said, "There will be no sick among
you. No sick among you. You'll have to
try not to be healed. You'll have to
resist it, for there'll be no feeble
among you."He says, "Where sin abounds,
my grace does much more
abound."I've
said, "For where sin abounds, my grace
does much more abound."And this will be
an explosion of grace. I just, you
know, when you have such a hunger
for this outpouring, for this move of
what we're all expecting and just
anticipating, He said, "Anticipate
this. Expect it. Have an
expectation for a manifestation of the
glory of God in what I'm about to do in
the days ahead."I
am
just so hungry. And when the Lord
visited us yesterday in this prayer
time,
it shook me. It challenged me. And I
feel like I have big faith to believe
for a lot, because I'm like,
"Man, I'm hungry. I'm
anticipating. I'm expecting God to show
up and show off. I'm looking for it
all the time. Lord, show me where to go
and we'll get an RV and park
ourselves
out there."You know, that's what
I'm like. I'm just like, "Man, I'm so
hungry."All
I know is I know a great shaking
is
coming, and every single time,
I tell you all what's coming. And
God told me, He said, "Brandon, I've
called you to say the hard things, and
you will stand alone, and you will not be
popular in the circles that you're used
to. You'll not be popular. People
will—in
fact, I have prophecies in private
that the Lord said you will stand behind
pulpits
and they will actually ask you to
leave because they don't like what
you're going to say."In the middle of
you talking, the pastor will stand up
and rebuke you and say he doesn't want
you, but it's from Me.
And the Lord said, "This will be hard,
but I'm requiring you to do this. You
will go into some churches
and you will correct things."And I
said, "How is that? I don't
understand. Oh, God,
please."But
He said, "I'll call you to do the
hard things, and you will stand alone.
For there are many men that are saying
things that are not of Me, and they're
speaking to itching ears,
and it has become about money and
materialism in My church. And you will
correct this."That's not an easy thing
to hear Him say.
I just go, "Lord,
you want me to go into some
churches?
I'm going to say
what, and they're going to ask me to
leave?"I
don't know what that's going to
look like, but all I know is I'm here to
tell you I say the hard things, and I
know for a fact I hear the voice of the
Lord, and I see Him, and I talk to Him.
And I can't go in other people's circles
because
I go, "What are all the other
prophetic voices on YouTube doing? Am I
the only one that's saying about the
shaking?
Am I the only one that says the dollar
and all these things, that You said
You're giving us a window now
and warning the people
to tell you all that there's great
financial stuff happening?"There's a
major, major shaking to awaken coming.
COVID was
the first thing that happened, and nobody
saw that coming. Ladies and gentlemen, I
can't tell you even like two or three
prophetic voices that told you all that
a major COVID virus was coming,
because most of these people tell me
in
the emails I got, "Brandon, the church is
going to pray all this away."That's what
happens. "We have the glory. We have
authority. There's no shaking to awaken.
That's all after the
Rapture."Do
you know how many people try to
correct me and rebuke me, telling me that
I'm off? That there's no shaking to
awaken? "Oh, volcanoes, we have
authority over it all."But everything
the Lord tells me is, "Brandon,
there's major earthquakes
coming."Matthew
24 is about to really take
shape.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 war is about to take
place.
"Another major virus is coming, Brandon,
and it's going to kill hundreds of
millions of
people."And
most of the church
that
I've been around rebukes
me and says, "Brandon,
we have authority over that."And I
thought, "Where was your authority in
COVID?
Where was your authority? Y'all hid. You
wouldn't even go to church. Ninety-five percent
of you listened
to what the government
mandated
and you shut down."Rodney Howard-Browne was the
only one that I knew that had enough
guts to say, "I'm standing against the
mandate."He
went to jail, along
with
a couple of other pastors.
But you talk the talk, but do you walk the
walk
for what's coming? Many of you say you
have authority and you tell me,
"Oh, well, we're going to do all
this,"but
I'm going to tell you, during World War I and World War
II, some of the
greatest ministers I know on this earth,
from Jack Coe to Oral Roberts to all
these great men, were all being raised up
in that time—from
Kathryn Kuhlman,
William Brandon,
and before World War I, Smith
Wigglesworth.
Smith Wigglesworth was in World War I,
that whole area of that time in England.
And Lester Sumrall had to
leave because the war was taking off. But
none of them stopped it. And those
people were raising the dead.
They were raising the dead,
from
the books I've read. And none of
them stopped World War I. None of them
stopped World War II.
None of them stopped the influenza
virus that took place and killed
thousands of people during those
times.
None of them. Even some of the
major ministers that I work with said
they got sick with it and they were sick
for two weeks with it and almost died.
But there's so much, "We have authority.
We're going to do all this."All the
times, the black plagues, the major
viruses in the times past, the wars, the
things that have happened prior to this
that none of the body of Christ... Kenneth
Hagin
didn't stop any of it. But yet, we have
a generation that barely knows how to
tie their shoes spiritually, from what I
see. A lot of you don't even know
what the beast system is. I've been
asked how many times, "What's the beast
system, Brandon? What's the mark of the
beast?
What is all this that you're talking
about?"They
don't have a clue because
nobody's teaching you in church.
Nobody's teaching it. I'm the only one
bold enough to come on here and tell you
there's going to be deception of
aliens coming in the days ahead. I say
some wild stuff, but everything I
tell you, I've got out of prayer. Even
what I warned you about—not what I saw
on television—about Elon Musk,
about a rat in the White House. So
many people said, "Oh, Brandon, Elon Musk
isn't a rat in the White House. He's a
good guy.
You are so off. You know who is the rat
in the White House, Brandon? JD Vance.
JD
Vance, that's who's the rat."And I
go, "I never even brought up JD Vance. The
Lord has
not shown me JD Vance one
time, and I've interceded all the
time."What
I do behind this camera, this
happens all the time in my house. I
intercede and I talk to the Father, and
He doesn't bring up JD Vance one time to
me.
And I said I tried praying over the
list that Elon Musk said he had that was
going to expose Trump on that. And the
Lord said, "Pray over that."And He
said, "He ain't on it. There's
things about him that are there,
son. I warned you about this. There's
things that are there, but they don't
have anything on him that is
incriminating
or it would have already been
done."He
said, "Don't waste your time on that.
There's nothing there to incriminate
Trump concerning the Epstein files or
Epstein
list or anything else."He said,
"There's things there, that there
were
girls, Brandon, there have been girls,
but they were all of age.
Cheerleaders, whatever.
Anything above 18."And I'm not
justifying it, folks, but I'm telling
you what I heard the Spirit of the Lord
say.
He said, "I raised up Trump for such a
time as this, Brandon, to give you a
window of
opportunity."And
some folks come against me and say,
"Brandon, I'm a prophetic voice and I
want to let you know that America is
going to have a great future ahead, and
we have
good days ahead, buddy. You're
off."But
I don't hear any of that. The
Lord says, "I'm giving you a window. I'm
giving you a window for finances. I'm
giving you a window to get your
house in order and
get ready for a great revival that's
about to take
place. And a great shaking, a
great humbling is coming, for many
itching ears are upon the land and many
oily lips from preachers are preaching
to them, and they're all a bunch of babies
across the land, Brandon. But I'm calling
a great shaking to awaken, and many will
say this is an
Ichabod."Many
will say, "Brandon, that this is an
Ichabod,
but I will never leave you and I
will never forsake you."For true
judgment
is not going through hard times for a
season, but true judgment is separation
from
me for eternity.
I'm separating the wheat from the
tares
right now.
I'm cleaning up my church. I'm raising
up new Davids.
For there is a lukewarmness upon the
land.
And there must be repentance before
there is revival.
And there will be a great shaking to
awaken because people are still asleep.
What will get their attention?
I saw new 9/11 events, but it's not like
9/11 where we saw the planes like that. I
saw a great shaking. I told you I saw 10
major cities. People freaking out, "Oh my
God, what are the major
cities?"I
warned you about these major cities. I said there
are
people that have crossed over
the borders. And then people want to say,
"Well, Brandon, there's nobody that's
crossed over the borders."I want to
say, "Have you lost it?"We had millions
cross the border. Ladies and gentlemen,
I told you my brother has been a sheriff for
the Logan County Police Department for
years and has buddies there, and they're
still finding stuff going on.
I probably shouldn't say some things,
but I'm telling you this, folks:
there are bad people that have crossed
over that border
for four years, and now they're going
nuts in California. And you say there's
nobody bad over here. You haven't seen
anything
yet. Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba.
Watch these major cities. LA is one of
them. And it's burning right now, with
martial law probably coming in the near
future.
Don't know how far it will go. I pray it
doesn't get that far. But I'm just
telling you, watch LA.
Watch Dallas.
Watch Phoenix.
Watch Denver.
Watch Chicago.
Watch New York.
You want me to keep going? Watch
Atlanta. Watch Miami.
Ten
major cities, and watch Las Vegas.
Watch Seattle.
People
don't want to hear that. But when you
have
ministers of the gospel preaching the
gospel in Seattle
this last week, and you had people that
did not agree with them, filling up
water balloons full of urine and bursting
them
on the people and trying to hurt
them physically for just giving out
bicycles and preaching Jesus to them.
And the mayor of the city or the
governor said, "We don't want your
beliefs in our town. You're going
against us. We don't want
your Christian standards. We believe the
way we believe and you're actually
provoking us, and we wanted you to leave.
We're allowing the urine balloons to
be thrown at the believers and God knows
what else it
was."Persecution
comes for the word's sake,
folks. But I saw a major wave that was
taller than the Space Needle at the
bottom of it in the middle—a wave
coming into Seattle and destroying it. I
saw an earthquake happening. I saw a
major volcano off the Oregon coastline.
All that area, I'm talking major, major
volcanic stuff about to happen out
there.
And waves beyond your wildest—we've never
seen before—ever hit America. Remember
what I told you? I saw, because of the
reprobate
minds and the way people
vote, I saw an unsewing of Yellowstone.
Do you remember I told you all this? I
saw a covering that was over Yellowstone
because of prayer, and it was sewed down.
And because of people and the way they
have been, the
corruption—like
what I'm talking about in
Seattle—that
was unstitched.
It was being unstitched in the spirit
realm, and that covering was being lifted up.
There was a sheet that was
over Yellowstone.
A major earthquake took place, and I saw
fires all the way up into Alaska, all
through British Columbia. Major, major
fires, for some kind of gas was coming up
through the earth,
and it was all on fire. It was all on
fire.
I don't know why,
but people don't like to hear all that
stuff. But the Lord said, "Brandon, I've
called you to say the hard
things."I'll
say it again.
And eventually, I saw the land—and I
don't know if this part was tribulation
or not—but I saw the land splitting, and
it went into the water. It was like
20 or 30 miles inland, and it all fell into
the water because of a major fault line
in the earthquake.
I don't say all this to scare you, those
people that are living in the area, but
the Lord told me, "So many of you all are
not hearing me."That's what he said. So
many of them are not hearing him. And he
said this to me: "They are Lot
in
Sodom and Gomorrah, and they don't
even realize that judgment's
coming."That's
what he said to me. He said, "So
many of them have become so familiar
with it, they've
pitched their tents there,
they're living amongst them, and they
don't even realize they're lukewarm and
judgment is coming within a 24-hour
period."And
the angels of the Lord—Abraham had
to intercede for Lot because he had become
so familiar with it. There's so much
stuff like that in these end times. And
there's so many people that tell me,
"We're the church. We hold all that
back."But
the church didn't hold it back to
get where it is right now.
The church didn't hold it back to get where
it is right now. Where are your prayers,
mighty prayer warriors?
Where are your prayers holding back
what's going on in Los Angeles right
now? Mighty prayer warriors,
where is it at right now, with the mayor
that's running your whole area and
saying it's okay to throw urine on
believers?
If you're so big in prayer and you can
hold it all back, what are you doing to
get those kind of people out of power by
praying them out?
But yet you say, "No judgment's
coming."You
better hear me.
"Oh, Brother Brandon, you're off
base."Oh,
no. I'm telling you what I hear by
the Spirit of God.
A major shaking's coming to awaken. And
he said, "I've given you a window of
opportunity, church, to get ready for
the greatest harvest of souls the world
has ever seen is coming in hot. They're
coming in hot. They're coming in hot.
I'm giving you the harvest equipment.
The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few."There
are
a lot of spineless people,
limp-wristed,
and they don't have a
backbone. "But the only ones are my young
Davids that I'm raising up.
Great young Davids will rise up in
the days ahead, son, and they will take
the land for me."For there are a lot of
seeker-friendly
people that
are
preaching to itching ears. And there are a
lot of people that are speaking for me,
saying they're speaking for me, that
are not.
And every single time, he said, "Read
Ezekiel. Read these. Can these dry
bones
live?"That's
what he said. "Brandon, do you see
the land and all these dry bones in the
valleys?"He
comes and talks to me.
"Can these bones live,
son?"I
said, "Yes, they can, Lord.
Speak to
them."Does
he talk to you that way?
Can he? Do you have ears to hear what
he's saying? Or is it only when it's
convenient?
Is it convenient? Is Christianity
convenient for you?
For
a lot of people, it is.
It's not convenient to pray a
lot of times. On Sundays, it's not
convenient to pray.
"I don't have time. Your videos are too
long."I
hear that all the time. "I don't have
time to pray for an hour and a half, two
hours. Don't you know I want to
watch American
Idol?"I
don't know, maybe I'm talking to
the wrong crowd.
I want to talk to people who are hungry
and are set on fire and ready to see a
move of God,
who
know that he's standing up saying,
"Jesus is waiting underneath the Huppah,
and
I'm ready, son. When you get
this job done, I'm coming for you,
buddy."And
I go, "Yes, sir, let's do
this."That's
the kind of man I am, saying, "Yes,
sir, Lord. Here am I. Send me."If they don't want to
do it, I'll do it.
If they don't want to clean the commodes, I'll do it.
Send me, Lord.
We had five
dead whales in one week in San
Francisco.
I told you to watch the fish coming from
the deep.
Five major blue whales died in one week.
They said that's never happened before,
and they can't figure out
why.
Big whales, and they're all just dying.
And doomsday fish are
showing up in Australia and the Ring of
Fire. All this stuff's going on, right?
So I told you we would see more and more
of this. But when you start seeing
whales
die, five of them in one week, that's a
pretty big deal, don't you think? Maybe
somebody put poison in the water. I
don't know. But I told you there was
something coming up from the gases from
the bottom and it would be more and more
and more and things would start
happening and people are going to go
wow right before things really start
getting crazy. So, it's all coming
online. And I'm not trying to mock
folks.
And I know there's a lot of people that
want good things, but what
has
it got us? We can't even preach
the gospel in Seattle, in America,
where the First Amendment's
legal. You can say what you want to
about Jesus in America, but if you do
in Seattle, you're going to get urine
dumped all over you. Do you
understand? This is America.
You got people going down
the street in Seattle just
trying to give bikes out and tell people
about Jesus and pray for them. And you
got people throwing water balloons of
pee all on them. That's disgusting. And
then to get from the mayor saying,
"You know what? It's justified. We
didn't want you in here anyway.
You provoked them."And I just go, "Wow.
Wow. That's assault. That's disgusting.
That's foul.
But whatever, you know, just the
beginning.
Just the beginning of what I know is
coming.
And the church better wake up and you
better get a backbone. And people say,
"Well, Brandon, what are you
coming to?"I'm
just trying to help you.
I could just help my family and go back
in there, but I would be
disobedient to what the Father's told me
to say. And I will not have your blood
on my hands. They say, "Well, we never heard
it."Well,
Prophet so-and-so didn't say
it.
I'm not responsible for what they say.
I'm only responsible for what God's told
me to say,
and they're accountable. If they're
hearing it and they don't want to say it
or they have itching ears and they're
trying to, you know, "Well, that doesn't
bring the finances in, brother.
You know, I like people to like me and
invite me to their churches."You know,
people don't want you to say—they don't
want me coming to your church because I'm
going to tell you the truth,
you know, and they'll be
like, "The Lord said,"and they're going to
ask you to leave. And I'll go, "Well, I
tried,
you know, God bless you on the way
out."I'm
doing my best, but I'm going to tell
you,
I stand for an account. I'm accountable
for what He tells me to say, not what
you do. And everybody wants to say
Elon's a good guy. He's creating the
mark of the beast. He's a good guy. He's
creating Starlink to communicate with
the mark of the beast. He's your friend.
Don't you like him?
He's a good old boy. Don't you want to
go to dinner with him? He's talking to
devils and growling, going over like that
in a corner and playing with spoons.
They say he's on stuff. I'm like, "Yeah,
he's a good old boy."Well, Brandon,
don't you know he has autism? Do you
know what? I know what autism is. I have
a child that's still not talking and
just barely got out of diapers a year or
two ago because Jesus touched her. I
know what autism is.
That's not autism. You
could say that Asperger's or whatever,
folks. I know what autism is. My child's
been around it for—I mean, she's 21
years old this year. I get it. I like to
take a picture and I'll tell you what it
is. Let me tell you what true autism is,
all this stuff. There's a hundred different
classifications.
All these people say,
"Well, they got autism,"and they're
talking and carrying on
conversations.
I'm like, "That's not
autism.
Give me a
break."So,
whatever, folks. That's high
functioning Asperger's. Okay. Okay.
Whatever. No, that's a demon.
That's a demon. There's a demon in
there, and you can see it in his eyes.
If you have any discernment at all,
you know. That's because you don't have
no discernment
and you can't see it because you're
blind,
and you can't see, folks. And I can,
and the Lord's given me that gift, and I
can see critters on a lot of your
pictures on your profile when
you make comments. I say, "That lady got a
devil. That lady got a devil."And they
all need freedom. And I'm thankful you're
here. But I'm just being real with you.
So many people walking with so much
bondage and they think they got so much
going on. I think you're listening to
familiar spirits. There
are straight-up
so many
people listening to demonic devils. Well,
God bless you all, and we'll see you
for the prayer video now. I'm going to
do a prayer video and I'll release that
and we'll pray together. But
this is trying to just catch you up to
where we are. Well, if you could
subscribe if you haven't subscribed,
click the notification bell, like the
video, do all the things you got to do.
But we pray for you. We ask God to
richly bless you today. I thank you,
Father, that every single one of them
are healthy, whole, healed, and well
in the name of Jesus. And I thank you,
Lord, that you're waking the people up
because your Son's return is at
hand in the name of Jesus. We thank you,
Lord, that we are that
light in the darkness and we're shining
our light bright in these last days. And
I thank you, Father, that the best is
yet to come for the body of Christ who's
awake. And we are doing exactly what
you've told us to do, exactly when you
tell us to do it. And we thank you,
Father, for it in the name of Jesus.
Amen. Well, put a smile on your face and
a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you and
we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.